# Prediction-Of-Sales-
Machine Learning is a burgeoning field of science. It’s just been here since decades. Nowadays machine learning is used to predict values, sales and a variety of other things. All that matters is the accuracy at which it predicts.The more the accuracy, higher the prominence.Our project aims to use machine learning to predict the sales of a mart using the previous data. 

First of all we collect the dataset and after collecting it we have to clean the dataset and then explore it for missing value and interchange some values with the mean.We have a working prototype which takes the values of the dates and then it gives out a graph and a output consisting of prediction. Machine learning is used for prediction. It could also be used for different types of problems. I think the main criteria about what type of problem you can easily solve with it has to do with what kind of data you have around that problem. Any problem where there’s really clear output that you want, that you know what it is, it’s well-defined, and you feel like you have enough inputs of whatever sort to help you learn it is a problem that’s really well suited to machine learning. It all depends on the dataset.They store a lot of data which may be used in this filed and use them for advantage.The giants in the field of supermarkets have enough data of the customers and purchases and some other data which maybe useful. They can use all these data to implement a accurate model which predicts with accuracy and this may increase the sales. It may not work in all the cases but surely it would help them in some particular product. Like the prediction may go wrong in predicting some daily needs products such as milk, butter etc cause of the regular consumption.The prediction also be used to predict and optimise product backorders. Sales, customer service, supply chain and logistics, manufacturing, no matter which department you’re in, you more than likely care about backorders. Backorders are products that are temporarily out of stock, but a customer is permitted to place an order against future inventory. Back orders are both good and bad: Strong demand can drive back orders, but so can suboptimal planning. This translates into lost sales and low customer satisfaction. The good news is that machine learning (ML) can be used to identify products at risk of backorders. 

The following link provides you the comlete document file 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PClYLMzyVJMfja5fcnbMq_jTCuVQpxMN/view?usp=sharing
